Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
MC: WELCOME BACK
TO THE SEMI-FINALS
OF THE FORTUNE CUP!
FIRST UP IN OUR TURBO DUEL,
WE'VE GOT YUSEI FUDO,
SQUARING OFF AGAINST
THE TOWER OF POWER: GREIGER!
YOU SAID THAT ONE OF US
WAS GOING TO HAVE TO
LOSE TODAY,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
THAT SOMEONE IS YOU!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
ARMORY ARM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND THAT MEANS
THAT THIS DUEL IS OVER.
[GRUNTING]
GREIGER, ARE YOU OK?
I'M FINE.
BUT IT'S NOT OVER.
I TOLD YOU ABOUT
MY VILLAGE, YUSEI.
I TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE FIRE
AND THE DESTRUCTION.
BUT I'VE LEARNED
THE TRUTH,
GOODWIN ISN'T GOING
TO HELP ME
REBUILD MY VILLAGE
LIKE HE PROMISED.
HOW COULD HE WHEN IT
ISN'T EVEN THERE
ANYMORE?
GREIGER!
NOW THAT THE WORLD
KNOWS WHAT YOU DID,
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO PAY!
NO!
Jack: HOW ARE YOU DOING THAT?!
YUSEI! HOW COULD YOU?
I HAD HIM!
GOING AFTER HIM
WON'T SOLVE ANYTHING.
WHAT DO I DO?
YOU TRUST ME
TO FIGURE THINGS OUT.
OH! GOODWIN!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Goodwin:
PEOPLE OF NEW DOMINO CITY,
IT'S ALWAYS A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY
WHEN A GIFTED DUELIST
LIKE OUR VERY OWN GREIGER,
SUFFERS A COMPLETE
NERVOUS AND EMOTIONAL BREAKDOWN
FOLLOWING SUCH AN INTENSE DUEL.
BUT REST ASSURED HE'LL GET
ALL THE HELP HE NEEDS.
[CHEERING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE EATING UP ALL
OF GOODWIN'S LIES.
HERE COMES THAT "HELP."
MR. GOODWIN'S GONNA MAKE SURE
YOU GET EVERYTHING YOU DESERVE.
YUSEI, PROMISE ME
YOU'LL TAKE DOWN GOODWIN
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
Commander Koda:
DISCIPLINARY ISSUES IN SCHOOL.
DESTRUCTIVE BEHAVIOR.
TELEKINETIC ABILITIES.
INTERESTING, VERY INTERESTING.
COMMANDER KODA,
YOUR DUEL'S STARTING SOON.
WILL YOU LEAVE ME ALONE?
I'M STILL COMPILING DATA.
I'VE GOT 1,872 DUELS
TO ANALYZE
BEFORE I CAN COMPLETE
MY BLACK ROSE PROFILE.
DON'T LET US DOWN.
THE DIRECTOR IS
COUNTING ON YOU.
HE WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED,
BECAUSE AFTER I DUEL
THE BLACK ROSE,
WE'LL KNOW WITHOUT A DOUBT
WHETHER SHE IS A SIGNER OR NOT.
IN CASE YOU'RE WONDERING
ABOUT MY ARM,
I WAS IN AN UNFORTUNATE
ACCIDENT SEVERAL YEARS AGO.
Sayer: YOU DON'T NEED
THAT MASK ANYMORE.
BUT I CAN'T DUEL
WITHOUT IT NOW.
I CAN'T FACE THAT CROWD.
COME ON. DON'T LISTEN
TO THEM, AKIZA.
YOU'RE NOT WHO
THEY THINK YOU ARE.
YOU HAVE SPECIAL POWERS.
THAT'S WHY YOU JOINED
OUR GROUP.
YOU'RE A PSYCHIC,
NOT A SORCERESS.
YOU DON'T NEED
THIS MASK.
IT'S TIME
WE STOPPED LIVING
IN THE SHADOWS, AKIZA.
IT'S TIME THE WORLD KNEW
ABOUT PEOPLE LIKE US.
MC: WELCOME BACK
TO OUR SECOND SEMIFINAL DUEL!
NOW ENTERING THE ARENA,
THE DUELING DETECTIVE:
COMMANDER KODA.
AND HIS OPPONENT:
THE MAGICIAN WITH THE MOVES,
THE PRESTIDIGITATOR WITH
THE PLAN: THE BLACK ROSE!
Man: LOOK!
THE WITCH IS BACK!
Second man: I'M GOIN'
TO THE BATHROOM;
DON'T SAVE MY SEAT!
MC: GET READY TO DUEL!
LAST TIME SHE DUELED,
SHE ALMOST BLEW
THIS BUILDING DOWN!
I KNOW, BUT I'M
NOT SCARED.
IN FACT,
IT'D BE GREAT
IF THAT HAPPENED!
I HAVEN'T DONE ONE
OUNCE OF HOMEWORK
ALL WEEK LONG!
HA! I HAVEN'T DONE A DAY
OF HOMEWORK MY WHOLE LIFE!
AND JUST LOOK...
I TURNED OUT PERFECT!
HMM.
YUSEI! THE NEXT MATCH
IS ABOUT TO START!
SORRY. FIXIN' MY RUNNER
COMES FIRST.
BUT IT'S THE BLACK ROSE.
YOU THINK SHE REALLY IS
A WITCH?
NO, SHE'S MORE
DANGEROUS THAN THAT.
MC: LET'S GET
THIS MATCH STARTED!
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND,
BUT LADIES FIRST!
I SUMMON VIOLET WITCH!
AND NEXT UP, I'M CASTING
THE FIELD SPELL BLACK
GARDEN THAT'S IN MY HAND.
WELL, WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT.
IT SEEMS THAT OUR
BLACK ROSE HAPPENS TO HAVE
A GREEN THUMB, DOESN'T SHE?
Akiza:
I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
MC: THE BLACK ROSE IS
GROWING STRONG WITH HER
GARDEN FIELD SPELL.
WILL THE COMMANDER PRUNE
OR BE PRICKED?
NOT A BAD MOVE...
[GRUNTS]
BUT ENTIRELY PREDICTABLE
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN
STUDYING YOU, "BLACK ROSE."
I KNOW YOUR EVERY CARD,
YOUR EVERY MOVE;
YOUR PAST IS A CRIME SCENE,
AND I'M JUST FOLLOWING THE CLUES
UNTIL I FINALLY BRING YOU DOWN.
SO FOR NOW I'LL JUST PLAY THIS
AND END MY TURN.
ONE CARD?! BUT HE'S
DUELING A WITCH!
HE'LL NEVER WIN
PLAYING LIKE THAT!
TELL THE MAN WITH THE MIC
HE BETTER THINK AGAIN.
THIS GIRL IS NO WITCH;
SHE HAS THE POWER
OF TELEKINESIS,
WHICH MEANS SHE CAN MOVE
OBJECTS WITH HER MIND.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
YOU'RE ABOVE THE LAW!
IF YOU THINK YOU HAVE POWER,
WAIT TILL YOU SEE WHAT JUSTICE
HAS IN STORE FOR YOU!
HE'S PERFORMING WELL,
DON'T YOU THINK?
Lazar: DID YOU TELL JACK
THAT THE COMMANDER
IS THE BEST PROFILER
THE FACILITY HAS?
[CHUCKLING]
HE'S FAMOUS
FOR UNCOVERING
THE TRUTH.
AND NOW THAT HE'S
DUELING, WE EXPECT
A SIMILAR RESULT.
[CHUCKLING]
IT'S MY TURN! I DRAW.
VIOLET WITCH, ATTACK
THE COMMANDER DIRECTLY!
[GROANING]
[GASPING]
MC: THE COMMANDER IS DOWN!
WITCH OR NOT,
THE BLACK ROSE'S ATTACKS
STILL PACK A REAL PUNCH!
FEELS JUST LIKE IT DID
LAST TIME, AKIZA,
DURING OUR MATCH
AT DUEL ACADEMY!
HUH?
DID HE JUST SAY
DUEL ACADEMY?!
I'VE NEVER FORGOTTEN.
I WAS A THIRD YEAR.
OBELISK BLUE.
I WAS ALL SET TO TURN PRO.
THEN THIS NEW GIRL,
A SLIFER RED, WALKS UP
AND CHALLENGES ME.
AAH!
YOUR PSYCHIC POWERS DESTROYED
MY DECK AND ALMOST ME
ALONG WITH IT.
I LEFT PRO DUELING TO STUDY
THE CRIMINAL MIND.
I'VE TRACKED DOWN
THE MOST DANGEROUS DUELISTS
IN NEW DOMINO CITY,
BUT I WAS SAVING YOU
FOR LAST.
AND THANKS TO GOODWIN,
I'VE GOT JUST THE CARD
FOR MY VENGEANCE.
[THINKING]
BUT I WAS JUST
A CHILD THEN!
I COULDN'T CONTROL
MY PSYCHIC POWERS!
I KNOW YOU.
YOU THINK YOU'RE BETTER
THAN EVERYONE ELSE.
"LOOK AT ME! I'M AKIZA
THE TELEKINETIC!"
WELL, GUESS WHAT!
IT'S TIME FOR JUSTICE!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN TRAP CARD:
CRIME AND PUNISHMENT!
IT ACTIVATED AS SOON
AS YOU ATTACKED ME!
AND NOW YOUR MONSTER'S
COMPLETELY DESTROYED!
YOU'VE JUST ACTIVATED
HER SPECIAL ABILITY!
IF VIOLET WITCH IS EVER
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO TAKE
A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
IT SERVES YOU RIGHT
FOR CONFUSING JUSTICE
WITH REVENGE!
I SELECT PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS!
AKIZA, JUSTICE IS REVENGE,
AND YOUR PUNISHMENT'S
JUST BEGINNING.
REMEMBER MY CRIME
AND PUNISHMENT TRAP CARD?
WELL, ITS OTHER EFFECT IS
TO AUTOMATICALLY SUMMON
A MONSTER FROM MY HAND,
LIKE AGENT OF HATRED.
YOU CAN THINK OF THE TWO OF US
AS GOOD COP AND BAD COP.
YOU WANT TO PLAY
IN MY GARDEN?
YOU'VE GOT TO PAY
THE PRICE.
MY FIELD SPELL CUTS
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF!
NOT A BAD COUNTER EFFECT.
TOO BAD IT DOESN'T HAVE
ANY ATTACK POINTS FOR YOU
TO TAKE AWAY.
I KNOW YOUR DECK
AND HOW TO GET AROUND
YOUR LITTLE TRICKS.
WELL, THEN YOU MUST'VE
SEEN THIS COMING,
DIDN'T YOU?
BECAUSE YOU SUMMONED
AGENT OF HATRED,
I GET TO SUMMON
MY OWN ROSE TOKEN!
IT CAN'T ATTACK, BUT
IT CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE, EITHER.
SO I GUESS THAT LEAVES US
WITH TWO MONSTERS
THAT AREN'T REALLY GOOD
FOR ANYTHING?
YOU'RE WRONG AGAIN. HA!
I DIDN'T SUMMON MY AGENT
TO ATTACK, BUT TO USE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY.
SO EACH ROUND, I RECOVER
THE LIFE POINTS I LOST
DURING ONE OF MY BATTLES
AND THAT'S SOMETHING
YOUR TELEKINETIC POWERS
CAN'T UNDO.
LOOKS LIKE THE ROSE
HAS LOST HER THORNS.
HOW CAN HE LOSE
IF HE KEEPS GETTING
HIS LIFE POINTS BACK?
UH, MAYBE HE CAN'T?
[GROANS]
WHAT'S WRONG, LUNA?
IS YOUR ARM STILL
BOTHERING YOU?
NO. IT'S, UM, NOTHING.
I'M SUMMONING
PHOENIXIAN SEED
TO MY FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
YOUR LAST MOVE GAVE ME
THE IDEA TO PLAY THIS.
SEE, IT DOESN'T HAVE
ANY ATTACK POINTS
TO CUT IN HALF EITHER,
BUT A ROSE TOKEN IS
STILL SUMMONED.
AND BECAUSE
I SUMMONED THE MONSTER,
IT'S GOING TO
APPEAR ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD.
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY ROSE FLAME TRAP CARD!
Computer: THE TRAP CARD
ROSE FLAME DEALS
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE
TO YOUR OPPONENT WHENEVER
A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER IS
SUMMONED ONTO THEIR FIELD.
NOW LET'S SEE
YOUR GOOD COP/BAD COP
ROUTINE TRY AND HANDCUFF
THIS SWEET-SMELLING
MANEUVER OF MINE.
[GROANING]
UHH! NOT BAD.
I READ ABOUT THAT COMBO
THE FIRST TIME YOU USED IT
WHEN YOU WERE 5 YEARS OLD.
HMM?
HMM.
IT WAS YOUR VERY FIRST DUEL,
WHEN YOU LEARNED
ABOUT YOUR CURSE.
YOUR POWER WAS
UNCONTROLLABLE.
YOU COULDN'T STOP;
YOU WERE A DANGER
TO YOURSELF AND TO OTHERS.
THEN YOUR PARENTS
SENT YOU AWAY FOR HELP,
YET YOU REFUSED
TO GIVE UP THE POWER
THAT YOU HAD INSIDE YOU.
I'M LEARNING
TO CONTROL IT!
I WANT TO USE IT SO THAT
I CAN HELP PEOPLE!
Commander Koda:
"HELP PEOPLE"?
YOU'VE CAUSED NOTHING
BUT DESTRUCTION AND PAIN,
INCLUDING MY OWN!
YOU DON'T CARE
WHO YOUR POWER HURTS!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
INCOMPETENCE,
LIKE IGNORANCE,
IS NO EXCUSE, AKIZA.
BUT I'M NOT LOOKING
FOR EXCUSES.
ONCE THIS DUEL IS OVER,
I KNOW THAT YOU'LL
THANK ME FOR THIS.
MY JOB IS TO MAKE SURE
SOCIETY IS SAFE,
AND I DON'T PLAN
ON LETTING SOCIETY DOWN.
I'M GOING TO SEND YOU
TO A SPECIAL FACILITY
TO CURE YOU OF YOUR AFFLICTIONS
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT!
[SIGHS]
AND NOW, TO CURE YOU!
I ACTIVATE MIND MONSTER!
JUST THINK OF IT
AS A GUESSING GAME.
I CHOOSE
ANY MONSTER I WANT.
AND IF YOU HAPPEN TO HAVE IT,
THEN YOU LOSE HALF
ITS ATTACK POINTS.
AND IF ALL MY RESEARCH IS RIGHT,
YOU'VE GOT BLACK ROSE DRAGON.
HUH?
AND I HOPE YOU'VE LEARNED
BY NOW THAT MY RESEARCH
IS ALWAYS RIGHT.
NOW WHY DON'T WE GIVE YOU
A TASTE OF YOUR OWN
MEDICINE, AKIZA?
BLACK ROSE DRAGON HAS
2,400 ATTACK POINTS,
WHICH MEANS YOU TAKE
1,200 POINTS IN DAMAGE.
IF YOU PLAY WITH FIRE,
YOU'RE GONNA GET BURNED.
[GROANING]
MC: AND THE COMMANDER RESPONDS
WITH HIS FIRST ATTACK
AGAINST THE BLACK ROSE!
HOW ABOUT THAT?
1,200 POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND I DIDN'T EVEN NEED
TO USE ANY PSYCHIC POWERS.
UNLIKE YOUR "SPELLS,"
I DON'T NEED TO CHEAT!
NOW I SWITCH ROSE TOKEN
TO DEFENSE MODE
AND END MY TURN.
YOU'LL WISH YOU NEVER
CALLED ME A CHEAT!
[THINKING]
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS.
I JUST WANT
A NORMAL LIFE,
BUT I CAN'T HAVE ONE.
[WHIMPERING]
Akiva, thinking:
DESTRUCTION ALWAYS
FOLLOWED ME.
AND THE MORE I RAN,
THE MORE PEOPLE I HURT.
MY ONLY CHOICE WAS
TO KEEP DUELING
AND HOPE THAT I'D FIND
SOMEONE WHO COULD
HELP ME, AND I DID.
I AM SAYER, AND I HEAD
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
WE ARE A GROUP OF DUELISTS
WITH POWERS LIKE YOURS,
AND WE CAN HELP YOU.
SAYER GAVE ME STRENGTH.
AKIZA, WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO DO, CONTACT
YOUR PSYCHIC FRIENDS?
WELL, THEY CAN'T HELP YOU.
YOU ARE ALL MINE!
HUH?
IF WHAT
THE COMMANDER
SAID IS TRUE
AND AKIZA HAS
GIFTED FRIENDS,
SHE MAY BE
EVEN MORE USEFUL
THAN WE THOUGHT.
THERE'S RUMORS OF
A PSYCHIC SOCIETY;
IF AKIZA'S IN IT,
SHE COULD LEAD US TO
EVEN GREATER POWER!
YOU MAY KNOW ABOUT
MY FRIENDS AND MY DECK,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S REALLY INSIDE ME.
YOU CANNOT PROFILE
SOMEONE'S HEART!
AND WHILE THAT'S
SINKIN' IN,
I'M ACTIVATING THIS:
PHOENIXIAN SEED'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY SENDING THIS CARD
STRAIGHT TO
MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
MY OTHER
PHOENIXIAN MONSTER
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND:
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS!
MC: THE BLACK ROSE'S
NEW MONSTER SPROUTS
TO THE FIELD,
BUT IT WON'T ESCAPE
HER BLACK GARDEN FIELD SPELL!
AMARYLLIS LOSES HALF
ITS POWER,
AND THE COMMANDER GETS
A NEW ROSE TOKEN!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS:
THE ROSE FLAME TRAP
INSTANTLY ACTIVATES!
IS IT ME, OR IS IT
GETTIN' HOT IN HERE?!
[GROANING]
COMMANDER, I DON'T NEED
PSYCHIC POWERS
TO TELL ME
WHAT TO DO NEXT.
AMARYLLIS, ATTACK
HIS ROSE TOKEN!
[GROANING]
AMARYLLIS IS
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYED,
BUT ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
I'M SURE YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS NOW.
THE CARD GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
NOW SURELY YOUR RESEARCH
SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU
THAT THIS WAS COMING!
IT'LL TAKE A LOT MORE THAN
WILTING FLOWERS TO BEAT ME!
MC: DON'T FORGET!
DUE TO THE COMMANDER'S
AGENT OF HATRED,
HE GETS BACK THE POINTS
HE LOST THIS ROUND!
YOU WILL NOT
DEFEAT ME, AKIZA!
NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES
YOU ATTACK,
I WON'T REST UNTIL I MAKE SURE
YOU NEVER HURT ANYONE AGAIN.
AND ONCE I WIN,
YOU'RE GOING TO THAT
SPECIAL FACILITY!
AND ONCE YOU'RE THERE,
THEY WILL DISPATCH YOU
OF YOUR POWER!
WELL, I DON'T PLAN
ON LOSING TODAY.
NOW I PLAY A FACEDOWN,
BUT DON'T DRAW JUST YET
BECAUSE I CAN RE-SUMMON
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER
AMARYLLIS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
MC: BLACK ROSE GETS
HER MONSTER BACK,
BUT THE FIELD SPELL GIVES
THE COMMANDER ANOTHER
ROSE TOKEN!
WHICH MEANS MY TRAP
ACTIVATES AGAIN!
MC: OUCH!
IT'S ANOTHER FIERY FINISH
FROM THE BLACK ROSE!
[GROANING]
[PANTING]
YOU'RE ASKIN'
FOR IT, AKIZA!
AND NOW YOU'RE ABOUT
TO GET IT!
I KNEW YOU'D FILL MY FIELD
WITH ROSE TOKENS.
IT'S WHAT I WANTED!
NOW I CAN SACRIFICE THEM
TO SUMMON MY OWN MONSTER:
THE MAD PROFILER!
Computer: MAD PROFILER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ALLOWS YOU
TO SEND ONE CARD IN YOUR HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD TO REMOVE
THE SAME TYPE OF CARD
ON THE FIELD FROM PLAY.
I'M SURE YOU NOTICE
THE PROFESSIONAL
RESEMBLANCE,
SINCE WE'RE BOTH
IN THE SAME BUSINESS
OF MAKING SURE
YOU NEVER HOLD
A DUELING DECK
AGAIN!
MC: WHAT A MOVE!
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THE MAD PROFILER ESCAPES
BLACK ROSE'S FIELD SPELL!
BUT THIS TIME, THE TOKEN'S
ON AKIZA'S SIDE OF THE FIELD!
[THINKING]
YOU'RE DOING EVERYTHING
I KNEW YOU WOULD, AKIZA.
I GOT A LITTLE SINGED
IN THE PROCESS,
BUT VENGEANCE IS MINE!
NOW I'LL TAP INTO
MY MAD PROFILER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SO, BY SENDING A SPELL CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN REMOVE ANY OTHER
SPELL CARD FROM THE GAME,
AND I'VE GOT JUST
THE ONE IN MIND!
HMM?
HE GOT RID OF
THE BLACK GARDEN
FIELD SPELL!
AND NOW ALL THE MONSTERS
WILL GET BACK
THEIR ATTACK POINTS
THAT WERE CUT IN HALF!
MY PROFILER CAN WORK
WITH MORE CARDS
THAN JUST SPELLS!
I CAN SEND A MONSTER CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
TO DESTROY ANY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
HA! THAT EVENS THINGS UP!
NOW WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE BATTLE?
MAD PROFILER, ATTACK!
TAKE OUT HER ROSE TOKEN
WITH MAD DASH DESTRUCTION!
[GROANING]
NOW THAT THAT TOKEN
IS OUT OF THE WAY,
I THINK IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO END THIS DUEL
AND PUT YOU AWAY FOR GOOD!
THE BLACK ROSE
CAN'T KEEP THIS UP
FOR LONG.
IT'S JUST
A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE THE COMMANDER
PUSHES THIS GIRL
TO HER LIMITS
AND ACTIVATES
HER SIGNER POWER!
NEXT UP, I PLAY
MY EQUIP SPELL!
AND IT GOES BY THE NAME
DESTRUCTION INSURANCE!
[GIGGLING]
I HEARD ABOUT
THAT NEW CARD.
ONCE YOU EQUIP IT
TO A MONSTER,
IF YOUR OPPONENT
DESTROYS IT,
THEY LOSE HALF
ITS ATTACK POINTS.
LOOKS LIKE
THE COMMANDER GOT
THE PROTOTYPE.
AND WITH BLACK ROSE
DOWN TO HER LAST FEW
ATTACK POINTS,
IF SHE TAKES OUT
MAD PROFILER, SHE TAKES
HERSELF OUT AS WELL.
MAGIC OR NOT,
THAT GIRL IS GONE.
NOW I ACTIVATE
A SECOND EQUIP SPELL:
LIGHTLOW PROTECTION!
[GIGGLING]
WHOA, ANOTHER
PROTECTION SPELL.
HIS CARD'S TOTALLY SAFE.
NOW, IF SHE CHANGES
ITS ATTACK POINTS,
LIKE WITH
THE SPECIAL ABILITY OF
ONE OF HER OTHER CARDS,
THEN THAT CARD IS
DESTROYED!
NOT EVEN HER
BLACK ROSE DRAGON CAN
SAVE HER NOW, YUSEI.
DON'T BE SO SURE, TANNER.
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN!
AND I SUMMON
NIGHT ROSE KNIGHT!
MY COMBO WON'T BE
A SURPRISE.
AFTER ALL, AREN'T YOU
THE "PROFILER"
WHO SPENT THE LAST
FEW YEARS STUDYING ME?!
INSTEAD OF OFFERING
TO HELP, YOU TREAT ME
LIKE A MONSTER,
SO ALL I CAN DO IS
ANSWER WITH A MONSTER
OF MY OWN.
I COMBINE MY KNIGHT
WITH TWO ROSE TOKENS
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[GROANING]
THIS IS IT!
THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO
THAT WILL SURPRISE ME.
I KNOW YOUR EACH
AND EVERY MOVE.
JUST FACE IT, BLACK ROSE!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
IT'S ABOUT MORE
THAN WINNING;
IT'S ABOUT FINDING
YOUR PLACE IN THE WORLD,
AND I KNOW
WHERE I BELONG.
I'M THROUGH HIDING
BEHIND A MASK!
I'M GOING TO SHOW
EVERYONE IN THIS ARENA
MY TRUE POWERS
AND WIN THIS DUEL!
GOOD LUCK, BECAUSE AS LONG
AS I'VE GOT MY EQUIP SPELLS
AND LINE-UP OF MONSTERS,
I'M UNTOUCHABLE!
MC: THE COMMANDER'S RIGHT!
PSYCHIC? WITCH?
IT DOESN'T MATTER!
THE BLACK ROSE
CAN'T GET TO HIM!
WHAT WILL SHE DO?
I ACTIVATE
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
IF I TAKE
A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVE IT
FROM PLAY,
THEN YOUR MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS GO
TO ZERO!
RRR!
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
WAITING FOR!
NOW MY EQUIP SPELL
ACTIVATES!
AND BECAUSE YOU USED
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
MY LIGHTLOW PROTECTION
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYS IT!
SHE'S A SIGNER!
WE'VE CAPTURED HER ENER-D!
I CAN PAY MY STUDENT LOAN!
EXCELLENT.
3 DOWN AND ONLY
TWO MORE TO GO.
A NICE SPELL,
BUT I STILL HAVE
MY TRAP CARD:
ROSE CURSE!
YOU SPENT SO MUCH TIME
STUDYING MY PAST
THAT YOU NEVER EVEN
STOPPED TO LOOK AT
THE PERSON I'VE BECOME.
AND BECAUSE OF THAT,
YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE
NOW GOING TO SUFFER FOR
YOUR NARROW-MINDEDNESS.
MY ROSE CURSE IS
A NEW CARD,
ONE YOU COULD
NEVER PROFILE.
I'M SORRY!
BUT YOU BROUGHT THIS
UPON YOURSELF!
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
MC: IT'S OVER!
THE BLACK ROSE IS OUR WINNER!
I DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING.
SHE'LL MOVE ON TO THE FINALS
TO TAKE ON YUSEI FUDO!
ANOTHER FINE VICTORY.
YOU HAVE GROWN.
YOU'RE LEARNING
TO CONTROL YOUR POWERS,
AND I HOPE YOU CAN DO
THE SAME AGAINST YUSEI.
I HAVE A FEELING THAT HE
WILL BE THE BIGGEST TEST
THAT YOU HAVE EVER FACED.
I CAN'T SAY
THAT I ENVY YOU, YUSEI.
THAT BLACK ROSE IS
A ONE-WOMAN WRECKING
MACHINE! HUH!
YOU'RE TELLING ME.
TONIGHT'S MATCH MIGHT BE
MY MOST DANGEROUS DUEL YET.